# What's Included in This Repository

 - Each chapter is written using quarto in Rstudio. These .qmd files are stored in `chapters_quarto`.
 - The `finalise_thesis.R` script renders each .qmd separately, outputs the .tex to `chapters_tex/chapters_quarto`, strips the latex preambles using a custom script, then uses tinytex to knit the final thesis together.
 - Configurations and options are handled by a mix of `main.tex` and `uom_thesis_casson.cls`. This template was written by Alex Casson at the University of Manchester, and has since been modified by David Petrescu and myself.
 - `supplied_graphics` contains all figures that are not generated by quarto.
 - `thesis_cache` contains cached models. Setting eval_models to `TRUE` in each quarto chapter allows these models to be dynamically regenerated.
 - All required data are stored in the `data` folder.
 - `shared_functions.R` contains functions shared between the chapters. This includes visualisation, data wrangling, analysis, and modelling.
 - `chapter_7_supplementary_material.pdf` contains the lists of correlative statements and the defensive confidence scale described in Chapter 7.

# Docker Implementation

As outline in the thesis, this repository includes an all-in-one Docker implementation for reproducing the computational environment the thesis was originally written in. This is achieved via the `Dockerfile`:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Install [Docker desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/).
3. With Docker desktop running in the background, open a terminal and navigate to this folder.
4. Use the following command from within the terminal.:

```docker build -t thesis .```

If you are using a machine with an ARM procesor, such as Apple Silicon, use the following command:

```docker buildx build --platform linux/amd64 -t thesis .```

5. Due to the size of the container (~8gb), building may take some time. Once this is done, use the following command to run the container:

```docker run --rm -p 8787:8787 -e PASSWORD=password thesis```

6. Once the container is running, open a web browser and type `localhost:8787` in the address bar. Enter the username `rstudio` and the password `password`. This will generate a fully functioning Rstudio session running from the Docker container.
7. Open `finalise_thesis.R`.
8. Follow the instructions within the script to either render the included `.tex` files, or to fully regenerate the thesis from the `.qmd` chapters provided.
